# AutomationScript

Automation scripts perform a specific action, and are comprised of commands associated with an integration. You may write
 scripts in either Python or JavaScript. Scripts are used as part of tasks, which are used in playbooks and commands in 
 the War Room.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**arguments** | [**list[Argument]**](Argument.md) | Arguments used within the Automation. | [optional] 
**comment** | **str** | A description of the Automation. | [optional] 
**commit_message** | **str** | Details about what was changed. | [optional] 
**context_keys** | **list[str]** | List of context outputs generated by the automation. | [optional] 
**depends_on** | **dict(str, list[str])** | Indicates which commands this script depends on in order to execute. | [optional] 
**deprecated** | **bool** | Indicates if the Automation is deprecated. | [optional] 
**docker_image** | **str** | The docker image the automation should use. | [optional] 
**enabled** | **bool** | Indicates if the Automation is enabled or not. | [optional] 
**has_role** | **bool** | Internal field to make queries on role faster | [optional] 
**hidden** | **bool** | Indicates if the Automation should be hidden from the UI. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Identifier of the automation. | [optional] 
**important** | [**list[Important]**](Important.md) | A list of all important fields. | [optional] 
**locked** | **bool** | Prevent the automation from being edited. | [optional] 
**modified** | **datetime** | Datetime object of when the Automation was last edited. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Display name of the Automation. | [optional] 
**outputs** | [**list[Output]**](Output.md) | List of context outputs generated by the automation. | [optional] 
**prev_name** | **str** | Previous name of the Automation. | [optional] 
**previous_roles** | **list[str]** | PreviousRoleName - do not change this field manually | [optional] 
**pswd** | **str** | Password to be used when executing the Automation. | [optional] 
**raw_tags** | **list[str]** |  | [optional] 
**roles** | **list[str]** | The role assigned to this Automation. | [optional] 
**run_as** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**run_once** | **bool** | Restrict the Automation to run only once. | [optional] 
**script** | **str** | The entirety of the script. | [optional] 
**script_target** | [**ScriptTarget**](ScriptTarget.md) |  | [optional] 
**searchable_name** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**sensitive** | **bool** | Denotes that certain outputs may contain sensitive data. | [optional] 
**should_commit** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**sort_values** | **list[str]** |  | [optional] 
**subtype** | [**ScriptSubType**](ScriptSubType.md) | Denotes the subtype of the Automation. e.g. `python3` | [optional] 
**system** | **bool** | Indicates whether the Automation is a system Automation. | [optional] 
**tags** | **list[str]** | List of keywords to easily identify the Automation. | [optional] 
**timeout** | [**Duration**](Duration.md) | The maximum amount of time the Automation will be allowed to run. | [optional] 
**type** | [**ScriptType**](ScriptType.md) | Accepts either `javascript` or `python`. | [optional] 
**user** | **str** | User who created the Automation. | [optional] 
**vc_should_ignore** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**version** | **int** | The numerical version of the Automation. | [optional] 
**visual_script** | **str** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


