# AutomationScriptAPI

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**arguments** | [**list[Argument]**](Argument.md) | Arguments used within the Automation. | [optional] 
**comment** | **str** | A description of the Automation. | [optional] 
**context_keys** | **list[str]** | List of context outputs generated by the automation. | [optional] 
**depends_on** | **dict(str, list[str])** | Indicates which commands this script depends on in order to execute. | [optional] 
**deprecated** | **bool** | Indicates if the Automation is deprecated. | [optional] 
**docker_image** | **str** | The docker image the automation should use. | [optional] 
**enabled** | **bool** | Indicates if the Automation is enabled or not. | [optional] 
**hidden** | **bool** |  Indicates if the Automation should be hidden from the UI.| [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Identifier of the automation. | [optional] 
**locked** | **bool** | Prevent the automation from being edited. | [optional] 
**modified** | **datetime** | Datetime object of when the Automation was last edited. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Display name of the Automation. | [optional] 
**outputs** | [**list[Output]**](Output.md) | List of context outputs generated by the automation. | [optional] 
**permitted** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**roles** | **list[str]** | The role assigned to this Automation. | [optional] 
**run_as** | **str** | Which user to run the Automation as. | [optional] 
**script_target** | [**ScriptTarget**](ScriptTarget.md) |  | [optional] 
**system** | **bool** | Indicates whether the Automation is a system Automation. | [optional] 
**tags** | **list[str]** | List of keywords to easily identify the Automation. | [optional] 
**type** | [**ScriptType**](ScriptType.md) | Accepts either `javascript` or `python`. | [optional] 
**user** | **str** | User who created the Automation. | [optional] 
**version** | **int** | The numerical version of the Automation. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


